Week 1:
Formed group in tutorial. We discussed our different skill set and which project would be most
appropriate. We have chosen project 15. We all tasked each other to read the project spec
carefully before the week 2 tutorial where we would discuss further what question need to
raised with the client and how we would split up the work 

Week 2:
Team members met with client and discussed requirements for the project.
Documented additional requirements.
Planned all three sprints with group in tutorial. Wrote user stories for first sprint Began to
create storyboards for the front-end interface.

Week 3:
Began to implement the front end. Created initial react app. Created login and sign up page. 
Added error handling logic for both pages. 
Created main navigation bar with options for routing. 

Week 4:
Worked with the rest of the team to connect the frontend with the backend. Created a new page for
verification of the user's email. This involves adding a code being set to the user's email
and then the front-end prompts them to enter the code

Week 5:
Started to work on the course dashboard, creating the individual cards for the courses. In addition
created the heading on the front-end pages and added navigation between pages to allow for better
ux.

Week 6:
Created the course detail page, where all the details of courses will be displayed and users will
be able to navigate between different version of courses. Also create the edit page for courses.
That allows users to edit the course data.

Week 7:
Created the page to add new courses. This involves adding the code details and then sending it to
the backend. Also created a mock servers function that allows the frontend to mock the backend
responses.

Week 8:
Fixed any bugs found in courses. Created new api documentation with the backend to ensure they where
returning and expecting the correct fields. Started to plan the project pages for sprint 3. created
inital api documentation and began making the frontend pages. Also install eslint for the frontend 
and fixed up and linitng error on the files that I created. 

Week 8:
Discussed and planned with group how projects will work. Finalised api documentation and finished adding
all frontend pages for proejcts. Fixed up any minor bugs found for projects and began testing as 
the backend created their endpoints. Created a plan for the final report.
