Sammi Au-Yeung z5255997

Week 1:
I attend the tutorial and our group was formed. As we were quite undecisive, our group name became 'undecided'. 
Calvin volunteered to be Scrum Master and Finbar created the Jira Site for our team to use. 
Upon consolidating the skills within our team, we have decided on project 15 - Course Insight and Skills 
Alignment Platform. Over the weekends, We will individually be reading through the project details thoroughly, 
sending an email to the stakeholder/client if we need to clarify anything and brainstorming some ideas we 
each have that could contribute to the project. This will help with our discussion in week 2. I have read 
through the project details again and I plan on emailing the client for further details regarding whether this 
platform is for UNSW only for multiple educational institutions. I also want to ask about the data types that I
need to perform NLP on. I will also ask about whether each user is only allowed one role. 

Week 2:
Our team had a standup meeting to discuss potential problems we may want to seek guidance from the client and 
also our tutor. In the tutorial our team clarified with the tutor about the proposal criteria. We also split the 
proposal work. Since I am working on the backend, I will work on the relevant user stories, system 
architecture and technologies related to the backend. I met with the client on Friday to discuss the questions. 
After getting our questions clarified we had a meeting over the weekends to ensure our questions were answered. 

Week 3: 
Continued to work on the proposal and my relevant parts. In the tutorial the tutor said that I need to include
the APIs, which I have added to the proposal. In the tutorial our team discussed about potential frameworks we 
could useand some proposal details. We had a meeting on Sunday to discuss how to start the code. For sprint 1, 
I will be working on the functionalities relating to the login, logout, registration and webscraping. 

Week 4:
Continued working on sprint 1. Initially completed the login, logout and registration functionalities but
I may change these due to the change in the database. Worked on webscraping by getting all course names and 
scraping information about every course from the handbook. I have realised that the handbook doesn't provide 
a comprehensive understanding of the skills, knowledge and topics of a course so I am working on webscraping
from course outlines. This will require the use of Selenium. I have watched many tutorials on that online 
and am trying to get it to work. 

Week 5:
Continued working on webscraping where I got Selenium to work. But one issue is that each course outline may
differ so I need to figure out a way to capture all the relevant information (e.g. course aim, course description
and course schedule). I have also tried using beautiful to scrape the unsw handbook and realised that I will
receive a '403 forbidden' error if I have scraped around 700 different course handbook pages. I guess I will 
just use Selenium and scrape more information from the course outlines instead of using the course handbook. 
I attended the tutorial this week which was about the sprint 1 demo. I wrote tests for login, logout and register 
which I also discovered some inconsistencies in error messages which I have changed. Our team is yet to demo 
our sprint 1 to the client.

Week 6:
Continued to work on webscraping using Selenium by adapting the script to different formats of UNSW course outlines. 
By the end of Week 6, finished the webscraping components for all CSE 2023 T3 courses. There were no course 
outlines available for older versions of cse courses.

Week 7: 
Worked on cleaning the webscraped content. Then utilised NLP to extract Skills, Knowldge and Topics from 
web course outline content. There was a lot of post processing to do as the skills, knowledge and topics
contained a lot of irrelevant keywords. Started working on pdf scraping for student transcript to extract 
courses, term and year. Also worked on UNSW course outline pdf scraping. The functionalities and logic mostly
followed the webscraping stuff. 

Week 8:
PDF scraping for transcript and UNSW course outlines is working. Complete the algorithm for recommending students
to other students and also recommending students to courses based on their skills and knowledge. Worked on 
the APIs for pdf scraping, webscraping and also the recommended courses. Tested my content to see if it works 
with frontend and edited a few bugs. Overall, everything works but the webscraping takes a while as expected. 
Attended the demo in the week 8 tutorial.

Week 9:
Worked on and finished recommending projects to students which includes cleaning up their skills and knowledge using nlp 
to check the similarity between words (to combine similar skills/knowledge into a single item). Then generated a score using 
using cosine similarity to sort the all projects from most to least recommended. Also worked on skill gap analysis to show 
student missing skills and knowledge compared to the project's required skills and knowledge. This then generates a percentage 
match score. Wrote the respective APIs for these functionalities. Also worked on some tests for the same functionalities. 
Fixed some bugs in the app.

Week 10:
Working on fixing bugs for the overall backend and doing some manual testing. Pylinted a lot of the code and wrote docstrings
to describe functionalities. Created the powerpoint for the final demo. Completed the implementation challenges and backend 
third party packages for the report. Edited and added some missing details from the specification to the final report.